memory-bank/activeContext.md, before:

# Active Learning Context

## Current Focus
- Concept: [Current concept you're learning]
- Project: [Current project you're working on]
- Resources: [What resources you're currently using]

## Recent Progress
- Completed [concept/chapter/exercise] on [date]
- Successfully implemented [feature/pattern]
- Resolved [number] errors related to [topic]
- Key insight: [Important realization about a Rust concept]

## Current Challenges
- Struggling with [specific concept]
- Error pattern: [Common error you're encountering]
- Environment issue: [Any tooling/environment problems]
- Question: [Specific question you're trying to answer]

## Next Steps
- Complete exercises for [concept]
- Implement [feature] in current project
- Read chapter [X] in [resource]
- Research [topic] further
- Refactor [code] using [better pattern]

## Notes from Last Session
- [Important takeaways from your last learning session]
- [Questions that came up]
- [Things to remember for next time]

## Learning Effectiveness
- What's working well: [Effective learning strategies]
- What needs adjustment: [Learning approaches to modify]
- Time spent this week: [Hours]
- Progress vs. expectations: [On track / ahead / behind]

## Current Code Snippets
```rust
// Example of current code you're working with
fn example() -> Result<(), String> {
    // Comments about what you're trying to accomplish
    // or what's confusing
    Ok(())
}
```

## Session Plan
- Today's goal: [What you want to accomplish in this session]
- Time allocation: [How you'll divide your time]
- Success criteria: [How you'll know if the session was successful]

Commit message:

Referencing offline copy of rust/cargo manuals

memory-bank/activeContext.md, after:

# Active Learning Context

## Current Focus
- Concept: [Current concept you're learning]
- Project: [Current project you're working on]
- Resources: [What resources you're currently using]

## Recent Progress
- Added offline copies of The Rust Programming Language Book and The Cargo Book to the docs folder for reference (3/31/2025)
- Completed [concept/chapter/exercise] on [date]
- Successfully implemented [feature/pattern]
- Resolved [number] errors related to [topic]
- Key insight: [Important realization about a Rust concept]

## Current Challenges
- Struggling with [specific concept]
- Error pattern: [Common error you're encountering]
- Environment issue: [Any tooling/environment problems]
- Question: [Specific question you're trying to answer]

## Next Steps
- Complete exercises for [concept]
- Implement [feature] in current project
- Read chapter [X] in [resource]
- Research [topic] further
- Refactor [code] using [better pattern]

## Notes from Last Session
- [Important takeaways from your last learning session]
- [Questions that came up]
- [Things to remember for next time]

## Learning Effectiveness
- What's working well: [Effective learning strategies]
- What needs adjustment: [Learning approaches to modify]
- Time spent this week: [Hours]
- Progress vs. expectations: [On track / ahead / behind]

## Current Code Snippets
```rust
// Example of current code you're working with
fn example() -> Result<(), String> {
    // Comments about what you're trying to accomplish
    // or what's confusing
    Ok(())
}
```

## Session Plan
- Today's goal: [What you want to accomplish in this session]
- Time allocation: [How you'll divide your time]
- Success criteria: [How you'll know if the session was successful]
