memory-bank/conceptProgress.md, before:

# Rust Concept Progress

## Mastered Concepts
- [Concept 1]
  - Key learning: [insight]
  - Exercises completed: [list]
  - Implementation examples: [reference to code]
  
- [Concept 2]
  - Key learning: [insight]
  - Exercises completed: [list]
  - Implementation examples: [reference to code]

## In-Progress Concepts
- [Concept 1] - [estimated completion date]
  - Current understanding: [description]
  - Challenges: [list]
  - Resources being used: [list]
  
- [Concept 2] - [estimated completion date]
  - Current understanding: [description]
  - Challenges: [list]
  - Resources being used: [list]

## Next Concepts to Learn
- [Concept 1]
  - Prerequisites: [list]
  - Resources to use: [list]
  - Projects to implement: [list]
  
- [Concept 2]
  - Prerequisites: [list]
  - Resources to use: [list]
  - Projects to implement: [list]

## Concept Relationships
Diagram of how concepts you've learned relate to each other and build upon each other.

## Recurring Challenges
- [Pattern 1]: [description and solution]
- [Pattern 2]: [description and solution]

## Concept Application Tracker
- Ownership principles applied in: [projects/examples]
- Error handling patterns used in: [projects/examples]
- Advanced features applied in: [projects/examples]

Commit message:

Referencing offline copy of rust/cargo manuals

memory-bank/conceptProgress.md, after:

# Rust Concept Progress

## Mastered Concepts
- [Concept 1]
  - Key learning: [insight]
  - Exercises completed: [list]
  - Implementation examples: [reference to code]
  
- [Concept 2]
  - Key learning: [insight]
  - Exercises completed: [list]
  - Implementation examples: [reference to code]

## In-Progress Concepts
- [Concept 1] - [estimated completion date]
  - Current understanding: [description]
  - Challenges: [list]
  - Resources being used: Offline copies of The Rust Programming Language Book and The Cargo Book, [other resources]
  
- [Concept 2] - [estimated completion date]
  - Current understanding: [description]
  - Challenges: [list]
  - Resources being used: [list]

## Next Concepts to Learn
- [Concept 1]
  - Prerequisites: [list]
  - Resources to use: [list]
  - Projects to implement: [list]
  
- [Concept 2]
  - Prerequisites: [list]
  - Resources to use: [list]
  - Projects to implement: [list]

## Concept Relationships
Diagram of how concepts you've learned relate to each other and build upon each other.

## Recurring Challenges
- [Pattern 1]: [description and solution]
- [Pattern 2]: [description and solution]

## Concept Application Tracker
- Ownership principles applied in: [projects/examples]
- Error handling patterns used in: [projects/examples]
- Advanced features applied in: [projects/examples]
