memory-bank/progress.md, before:

# Overall Rust Learning Progress

## Journey Timeline
- [Start date]: Began Rust learning journey
- [Date]: [Milestone achieved]
- [Date]: [Milestone achieved]
- [Current date]: Current status

## Skills Assessment
### Strong Areas
- [Skill area]: [evidence of strength]
- [Skill area]: [evidence of strength]

### Growth Areas
- [Skill area]: [current challenges]
- [Skill area]: [current challenges]

## Learning Velocity
- Concepts per week: [average]
- Hours invested: [total/weekly average]
- Projects completed: [count]

## Effective Learning Strategies
- [Strategy]: [why it works for you]
- [Strategy]: [why it works for you]

## Ineffective Approaches
- [Approach]: [why it doesn't work for you]
- [Approach]: [why it doesn't work for you]

## Achievements
- [Achievement]: [date and context]
- [Achievement]: [date and context]

## Growth Measurements
- Complexity of projects: [progression]
- Error resolution time: [progression]
- Concept application: [progression]

## Next Learning Phase
- Focus: [primary focus]
- Timeline: [estimated dates]
- Goals: [specific goals]
- Success criteria: [how you'll measure success]

## Rust Community Engagement
- Contributions: [any open source contributions]
- Questions asked/answered: [forums participation]
- Resources shared: [content you've created]

## Reflection
- Most valuable lessons learned
- Most surprising aspects of Rust
- Most enjoyable aspects of learning Rust
- Most challenging aspects of learning Rust

Commit message:

Referencing offline copy of rust/cargo manuals

memory-bank/progress.md, after:

# Overall Rust Learning Progress

## Journey Timeline
- [Start date]: Began Rust learning journey
- [Date]: [Milestone achieved]
- [Date]: [Milestone achieved]
- 3/31/2025: Added offline copies of The Rust Programming Language Book and The Cargo Book to the docs folder for reference
- [Current date]: Current status

## Skills Assessment
### Strong Areas
- [Skill area]: [evidence of strength]
- [Skill area]: [evidence of strength]

### Growth Areas
- [Skill area]: [current challenges]
- [Skill area]: [current challenges]

## Learning Velocity
- Concepts per week: [average]
- Hours invested: [total/weekly average]
- Projects completed: [count]

## Effective Learning Strategies
- [Strategy]: [why it works for you]
- [Strategy]: [why it works for you]

## Ineffective Approaches
- [Approach]: [why it doesn't work for you]
- [Approach]: [why it doesn't work for you]

## Achievements
- [Achievement]: [date and context]
- [Achievement]: [date and context]

## Growth Measurements
- Complexity of projects: [progression]
- Error resolution time: [progression]
- Concept application: [progression]

## Next Learning Phase
- Focus: [primary focus]
- Timeline: [estimated dates]
- Goals: [specific goals]
- Success criteria: [how you'll measure success]

## Rust Community Engagement
- Contributions: [any open source contributions]
- Questions asked/answered: [forums participation]
- Resources shared: [content you've created]

## Reflection
- Most valuable lessons learned
- Most surprising aspects of Rust
- Most enjoyable aspects of learning Rust
- Most challenging aspects of learning Rust
