memory-bank/projectProgress.md, before:

# Rust Project Progress

## Completed Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you wanted to learn]
  - Key features: [list]
  - Concepts applied: [list]
  - Code repository: [link]
  - Challenges overcome: [list]
  - What you'd do differently: [reflections]

## Current Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you want to learn]
  - Current status: [percentage complete, current milestone]
  - Next steps: [immediate tasks]
  - Blockers: [current challenges]
  - Code repository: [link]
  - Implementation notes: [important decisions, patterns]

## Planned Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you want to learn]
  - Prerequisites: [concepts or skills needed]
  - Features planned: [list]
  - Expected challenges: [list]
  - Resources needed: [list]

## Project Ideas
- [Brief project idea descriptions]
- [Potential learning opportunities]
- [Complexity estimates]

## Project Code Snippets
```rust
// Interesting or challenging code from your projects
// with comments about implementation decisions
```

## Project Best Practices
- Code organization patterns that worked well
- Testing strategies that were effective
- Documentation approaches
- Error handling patterns

Commit message:

Referencing offline copy of rust/cargo manuals

memory-bank/projectProgress.md, after:

# Rust Project Progress

## Completed Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you wanted to learn]
  - Key features: [list]
  - Concepts applied: [list]
  - Code repository: [link]
  - Challenges overcome: [list]
  - What you'd do differently: [reflections]

## Current Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you want to learn]
  - Current status: [percentage complete, current milestone]
  - Next steps: [immediate tasks]
  - Blockers: [current challenges]
  - Code repository: [link]
  - Implementation notes: [important decisions, patterns]

## Planned Projects
- [Project name]
  - Description: [brief description]
  - Goal: [what you want to learn]
  - Prerequisites: [concepts or skills needed]
  - Features planned: [list]
  - Expected challenges: [list]
  - Resources needed: Offline copies of The Rust Programming Language Book and The Cargo Book, [other resources]

## Project Ideas
- [Brief project idea descriptions]
- [Potential learning opportunities]
- [Complexity estimates]

## Project Code Snippets
```rust
// Interesting or challenging code from your projects
// with comments about implementation decisions
```

## Project Best Practices
- Code organization patterns that worked well
- Testing strategies that were effective
- Documentation approaches
- Error handling patterns
